Implement reenqueue bulk operation type (#21173)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/batch_changes/how-tos/bulk_operations_on_changesets.md

- Commenting: Post a comment on all selected changesets. This can be particularly useful for pinging people, reminding them to take a look at the changeset, or posting your favorite emoji 🦡.
- Detach: Only available in the archived tab. Detach a selection of changesets from the batch change to remove them from the archived tab.

> - Retry: Only available if filtering by state `failed`. Retries performing changes for all selected changesets that failed.

Reviewer: To match the UI:

```suggestion
- Re-enqueue: Only available if filtering by state `failed`. Re-enqueues the pending changes for all selected changesets that failed.
```
